
you are from the present. just a normal person, no one special.
you wake up in the past. distant past.
you've been sent there for unknown reasons and by someone unknown.
you start with nothing.

you want to find out what is going on.

---
you were accedentally sent to the past by someone in the future that was expirementing with time displacement
everything around you in a small bubble was transported with you. However anything that could be burned was destroyed,
and all you have is a small metal hammer(without the handle), and some coins that fell beside you that must have 
survived you clothes burning off you. you however are unharmed, just naked and unsure
---

some what trepedatious you scan your surroundings. potentially a cave, or just open space in a forest.
you notice nothing in particular, just that you are not where you were moments ago.

suddenly you are attacked by a creature, that must have been startled by your appearing.
it looks like a fairly large lizard.
you defend yourself. with only your hands.

after a few moments of struggle the lizard talks!
it explains that it was just sitting there waiting for its dinner to pop its head up out of the ground when it heard something
when it went to investigate it saw you appear from nothing.
after watching you a few moments, decided to try and attack you, out of fear mostly.
you explain that you yourself are unsure what is going on, and that you never heard a lizard talk, and walk like it does.
this must be a dream.

the lizard offers to take you to his village. for a fee, of finding some morsles for it to eat since you scared his dinner away.
reluctantly you agree, what other options do you have.
along the way you together fight a few creatures and collect the food.

you reach his village, which is rather civilized for a lizard you think to yourself.
it looks similar to what you have read in books about tribes in the rainforest, but a bit more alien, and 'organic'

there are other lizards gawking at you, probably as unsure as you.
its hard to notice everything, as you've never seen anything like this.

the lizard takes you to his house. 
a small group has formed following you both. 
when reaching his house, another lizard shouts, whats going on.
the lizard explains what happened. you explain what happened best you understand it.
the village fascinated offers you hospitality, offereing to help you in anyway they can.

you spend the rest of the night with the village folk learning of thier culture.
before going to bed, a few offer to help you getting food, with small jobs here and there.

You start to gain the nessisities by doing the small odd jobs the villagers offer you.

after a few days pass, someone that you havent seen rolls through town.

this person is not a lizard, but another type of reptile creature, but not the same as the ones you have come to know over the past few days
they take notice of you as well.
they ask your lizard fried who you are.
he explains.

this new lizard offers to take you somewhere else to someone that may know what is going on.
your lizard friend agrees this is a good idea, and offers to go with you.

---------------------------

you go to meet this new person.
they also have no idea what is going on. but is intrigued of your story.
they offer you hospitality to stay in his village for as long as you wish.
you and your friend stay for a few night, doing od jobs for some of the locals.

after a few jobs, you decide to go back to your origional village.
upon arrival you see a path of destruction.

you find a few of the villagers are dead, and near by some other strange people that are armored up and carrying weapons.
they turn to you, mentioning that you are who they have been looking for.
they turn to you to try and apprehend you.
Your lizard friend quickly tackles one as he runs off.
The rest of the soldiers start to charge you when another bright flash occurs.
When the light comes to, the solders are dead on the ground, chopped into pieces. standing in the middle is another bizarre looking man with a sword.
he asks you if you are ok.
he picks up some of the equipment and hands it to you. a watch, a gun and some armor.
tells you that you are free to do what you want, but he suggests that you go with him.
you decide to go with him.

He says that he needs to find a different place before you jump. no other way to travel you both begin to walk, you following closely behind the man.

you try to ask him some questions but he isnt forth coming. only tells you that you are being sought after by some people.

you arrive at a destination that he says is suffecient.
another flash.

------------------------------

now you two are in a totally different place. not a jungle, but a building of some kind. not like a building you have seen.
it is all metal, with wires hanging and large hydraulic doors and weird industrial mechanics. everything is dirty.
your new travelling partners explains that you are in a sewer, miles under the city. and to continue to follow him.
he needs to meet with someone.
going through the sewers there are plenty of rodents that wouldnt mind to dine on you. it takes a fair amount of time to get where you are going.

you are taken through a hidden passageway to a small room that is decorated in what you consider contemporary to slightly old furniture. a quite nice place. with an old man sitting there. Immediatly there is a argument between the old man and your companion. mostly about you being there. the argument ends when the oldman yells to your companion, "you know what to do! now go!" he gest up and grabs a log that was burning in the wood burning stove. and starts to set the room on fire. You and your companion rush out of another entrance. the old man just setting everything a blaze.

your companion says, we have to go back. but first we need some fire power. at that exact moment you hear alarms go off.
he says that they will be coming soon. and that we will wait for them.

after fighting off a few more rodents, you see your first soldier, that looked like the one from the forest. with your companion you kill the soldier. after the fight the companion removes something from his uniform, and activates it, then throws it into a lower level sewer. he says it is a tracking device, that tells the dead soldiers supperiors that he needs back up, and that now we wait some more.

soon after two more soldiers show up, this time in mechs. they find the tracking device on the ground, and look around. just then your companion ambushes them.

after defeating them, he tells you to get in the mech. he takes the other one. now it is time to go, but again you have to find a more appropriate place before you can jump.

but your path is littered with more soldiers. with the assisatance of the mech it makes it very easy to fight, but a slow journey.
after several battles and a fair distance traveled you reach a good place to jump. but right before you jump you are interupted by what must be a higher ranking soldier.

this is the first boss battle.

during the fight, he mentions for you to not even bother going back, that there is nothing left. And you ask, back where? to which he replys, anywhere. that it is all gone now. your companion enraged at this staement, unleshes a fury of attacks that finally finishes off the soldier. and before more can rush you, a flash.

----------------------------

now you are somewhere familiar. except it isnt exaclty familiar, something isnt quite the same. but you recognize it as your home town, where you were before all this started. but some things are missing.
the old gas station that was on the corner here isnt here. infact looks like nothing was ever there. but some of the other familiar shops are around. but what remains are charred structures, with fresh smoldering embers. everything that was here has recently been burned down.

you are ambushed by some more soldiers. you fight them off with your companion. after a few waves he says it is time to go again, and a flash..


----------------------------

now you are near the woods from the area of the lizard people. In the distance you can see a plume of smoke. you 2 start to go toward the area. you find your old lizard friend riding a dinosaur. fighting some more soldiers. He is bloody and screaming, but it appears are though he and his dinosaur have killed several soldiers. You join in to help finish off the rest. the village is destroyed. nothing is left. the lizard friend mentions you should go to the village you visted together to see if everyone is okay. you travel together. the journey this time is littered with even more owerful creatures than were there before. the same but slightly different than before.
you reach the village. it too has been destroyed.
at the sight of this, your lizard friend turns on you, blaming you for everything that has happened.
after a short fight, your future companion yells to stop and jumps in the middle of you. and another flash.

----------------------------

you are still in a jungle, but the tress are different. the plants are different, everything is super large. your lizard friend regains his composure and tries to continue to fight you. when you are interupted again, by your future companion, "run!".

you are all being chased by a large alien looking dinosaur.



--------------------------------
--------------------------------
mission structure
--------------------------------
--------------------------------


---
where am i?
---
searh surroundings
travel a fair distance, colleting things along the way to help your stay
collect at least 10 coconuts, and 10 berries
get attacked by lizard man (boss) found somewhere around first exploritory destination (semi random)

---
take me to your leader.
---
find 10 moresels of food for lizard man
follow him to village

---
odd jobs
---
various taks for the villagers... 
collecting things
exterminating bugs
finding specific lost objects
etc

--------------------

---
meet someone new
---
follow new lizard man, with your friend to find more info in another village

---
more odd jobs
---
become friendly with villagers in this new town, by offereing help etc

---
return home
---
go back to your village
fight solders that are waiting for you
before fight finishes and you lose, a flash occurs and a new character kills the soldiers for you


----------------------------

---
where are you from?
---
accompany future soldier man
find a place to time jump
flash somewhere else in time

---
someone that knows
---
travel through sewers to find a person
given vague instructions

---
flee and mount up
---
alarms bring soldiers to the sewers
ambush them to gain a mech
continue to flee to jump location
boss fight
time jump

------------------------------

---
home again
---
investigate home town
fight off ambush
time flash again
in the wodds where this all started
you see your old friend fighting more soldiers and you help
travel to other village to see if anyone is there
seeing it is ravaged as well, your old friend attacks you
time flash

--------------------------------

---
where are we now
---
boss fight








